Improve the ReadMe to provide more details and useful links (#8)
idrsolutions/buildvu-docker: README.md

# BuildVu Docker Image #

> BuildVu is a PDF to HTML or SVG conversion tool to allow you to display documents natively in the web browser on any smartphone, tablet, PC or Mac. This docker image can be used to containerise BuildVU making it accessible via a REST API which is perfect for could deployments.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
BuildVu is a PDF to HTML or SVG conversion tool to allow you to display documents natively in the web browser on any smartphone, tablet, PC or Mac. This docker image can be used to containerise BuildVu making it accessible via a REST API which is perfect for cloud deployments.
```

## Building the Image ##

> To build the image from the source use the following steps.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To build the image from source, use the following steps.
```

> In order to use the BuildVu Docker image you will need a license to access the BuildVu war file. If you have not got a license yet, you can find our [free trial or contact us here](https://www.idrsolutions.com/buildvu/pricing).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
In order to use the BuildVu Docker image you will need a license to access the BuildVu war file. If you have not got a license yet, you can [sign up for a free trial](https://www.idrsolutions.com/buildvu/trial-download).
```

> Once you have access, you can get and run the docker image with the following commands.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Once you have the BuildVu war file, you can pull and run the docker image with the following commands:
```

- Navigate to the project directory in a terminal
- Run the following command  
  ```docker build -t idrsolutions/buildvu .```

## Getting Started ##

> In order to use the BuildVu Docker image you will need a license to access the BuildVu war file. If you have not got a license yet, you can find a [free trial or contact us here](https://www.idrsolutions.com/buildvu/pricing).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In order to use the BuildVu Docker image you will need a license to access the BuildVu war file. If you have not got a license yet, you can find our [free trial or contact us here](https://www.idrsolutions.com/buildvu/pricing).
```

> Once you have access you can get and run the docker image with the following commands.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Once you have access, you can get and run the docker image with the following commands.
```

- Clone the project from [here](https://github.com/idrsolutions/buildvu-docker)
- Navigate to the project directory in a terminal
- Run the following command  
  ```docker build -t idrsolutions/buildvu .```

## Documentation ## 

> [IDRSolutions BuildVu Cloud Support Page](https://support.idrsolutions.com/buildvu/tutorials/cloud/).  

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
[BuildVu Cloud Documentation](https://support.idrsolutions.com/buildvu/tutorials/cloud/)
```

> [IDRSolutions BuildVu Docker Support Page](https://support.idrsolutions.com/buildvu/tutorials/cloud/docker).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
[BuildVu Docker Documentation](https://support.idrsolutions.com/buildvu/tutorials/cloud/docker)
[Contact IDRsolutions](https://www.idrsolutions.com/contact-us)
```
